README.md, before:

# voluntold
Voluntold is a program that allows teachers to automatically pick a student in a class and have everyone go through the list before someone else can be selected again.  Normal random generators will keep picking the same students over and over and this program solves that issue.  It is customizable and simple to use.

## Required
In order to use your own version of Voluntold, you must have the following items:
- GitHub Account
- Web browser/Internet Access
- Text Editor (recommended)

## Usage
This program is free to use under the MIT License, so feel free to use it however you would like.  
Right now, the project is designed to be used with multiple teachers in mind.  If this is not your case and you wish to use it for your own use, the `template.html`, `template.js`, and `template.json` files will be for you.

## Step 1: Forking the repository
In order to make this program your own version for your class, go to the top of this page and click on the green button that says 'Use this template' or click on [this link](https://github.com/sheepman39/voluntold/generate).  
This will allow you to make a new repository (repo) where you can store all of your classes.   For this project to be available, we will be using [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/), a free service included with every GitHub Account.  It makes it easy to deploy basic HTML applications like this one.
Name the repository that you just created <*username*.github.io> where *username* is your GitHub username.  It must be exactly the same or else it will not deploy properly.  You can add a description if you would like, but it is not necessary.  
Next, mark the visibility of the project as Public so this page can be seen by anybody.  If you mark it as Private, GitHub will not publish your version of Voluntold.  Congrats!  You just completed step 1!

## Step 2: Removing Unneeded files

### If you are using this for multiple teachers

Commit message:

Removed template files and changed README.md

README.md, after:

# voluntold
Voluntold is a program that allows teachers to automatically pick a student in a class and have everyone go through the list before someone else can be selected again.  Normal random generators will keep picking the same students over and over and this program solves that issue.  It is customizable and simple to use.

## Usage
This program is free to use under the MIT License, so feel free to use it however you would like.  
Right now, the project is designed to be used with multiple teachers in mind.  If this is not your case and you wish to use it for your own use, the `template.html`, `template.js`, and `template.json` files will be for you.

## Want your own version?
Check out our [template repository](https://github.com/sheepman39/voluntold-template) and follow the instructions there to make your own version to use in class.
If there are any problems with it, feel free to [submit an issue here](https://github.com/sheepman39/voluntold/issues) and I will do my best to help you out.
